CLDR-15370 Clean up Survey Tool Guide and update known issues (#5681)
unicode-org/cldr: docs/site/translation.md

![image](/images/Unicode%2018%20emojis.png)

----
## Known Issues

Last updated: 2026-05-02

If you run into a problem with the Survey Tool functionalities or if the documentation doesn't match the current Survey Tool experience,
please check the [Survey Tool FAQ][] and list of issues below to see whether it has already been reported (and whether there is a work-around).
This list will be updated as fixes are made available in Survey Tool Production. 

> If there is a PM managing contributions for your organziation please report the issue to your PM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is a PM (Project Manager) managing contributions for your organization, please report the issue to your PM.
```
